Description of projects:

Particle Life v0.1

This is a naive Python implementation of a gravitational particle simulation, usually referred to as "Particle Life" due to the unexpected and lifelike behavior of the particles 
being attracted and repelled by each other. As of my initial implementation, the simulation supports four colors with different forces of attraction between them. 
The simulation gets very slow after a few hundred particles, so my next step in this project would be implementing methods to more efficiently calculate the acceleration and 
velocity changes of each point, such as spacial partitioning methods or GPU acceleration.

Chaotic Attractor Generator v0.1

This is a C++ program that generates a PPM image file of a chaotic attractor. These attractors are formed by taking an initial point and repeatedly applying a transformation to it
thousands or millions of times. My implementation creates a histogram of all of the points generated by this method and then converts it into an image. An example image is provided. 
Further improvements I would make include: coloring the image by point density, supersampling/antialiasing, more attractor variants beside Clifford, randomness in generation, GPU 
acceleration for plotting points, better image file formats, real time rendering or creation of a video from multiple images with slightly tweaked parameters. As changes are 
implemented, this log will be updated to reflect the current capabilities.

Raytracing in One Weekend v1.0

This is my implementation of the raytracer made by following through the book Raytracing in One Weekend by Peter Shirley. It is written in C++ and creates a PPM image file. 
Included in my implementation is Antialiasing through subsampling, diffuse and reflective materials, dialectics (refractive materials like glass), and defocus blur (depth of field).
A makefile is provided for compiling the program and an image of the output is provided for your viewing pleasure.


